Chief Minister Shri Shivraj Singh Chouhan said that the objective of the state government is the welfare of all sections of the citizens living in the state including backward classes. In this direction, necessary steps will be taken for the development of the people by eliminating all the obstacles. Efforts will be made to benefit the backward classes in all the works related to their rights including representation. The Madhya Pradesh government is committed for this.

Chief Minister Shri Chouhan was addressing at his residence today in response to his felicitation by various Backward Classes organisations. Chief Minister Shri Chouhan said that with the necessary legal provisions, all other welfare programmes including reservation in bodies will be implemented with full force in the interest of backward classes.

Various organisations honoured Chief Minister Shri Chouhan with flowers and greeting cards in the presence of backward class ministers, MPs and MLAs. Member of Parliament Shri Vishnu Dutt Sharma said that under the leadership of Chief Minister Shri Chouhan, work is going on to benefit the backward classes with adequate representation from the schemes. Madhya Pradesh is the leader in this field. Madhya Pradesh's initiative in the field of tribal development has also been appreciated at the national level. By organising seminars in the districts, information about the efforts of backward class welfare has been made available to the public. Shri Sharma gave detailed information about the action taken regarding reservation to the backward classes in the Panchayat elections at the court level.

Sushri Kavita Patidar conducted the programme. Backward Classes Commission Chairman Shri Gaurishankar Bisen, Minister Shri Kamal Patel, Shri Ramkhelawan Patel, Dr. Mohan Yadav, MP Shri Shankar Lalwani, MLAs Smt. Krishna Gaur, Smt. Lata Wankhede, former ministers Smt. Lalita Yadav, Shri Mahendra Hardia, functionaries associated with Backward Classes Organisations including Shri Kushwaha and Shri Ranveer were present.

